content/post/About_me/index.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to my website!
subtitle: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so I have written all the things you may want to know to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Summary for listings and search engines
summary: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so I have written all the things you may want to know to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Link this post with a project
projects: []

# Date published
date: '2022-06-14T00:00:00Z'

# Date updated
lastmod: '2022-06-14T00:00:00Z'

# Is this an unpublished draft?
draft: false

# Show this page in the Featured widget?
featured: false

# Featured image
# Place an image named `featured.jpg/png` in this page's folder and customize its options here.
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/CpkOjOcXdUY)'
  focal_point: ''
  placement: 2
  preview_only: false

authors:
  - admin

tags:
  - Website
  - Opensource
  - Bill Haku

categories:
  - General
  - Myself
---

# Overview

1. Here I want to give you a full introduction to my self. It includes many details about me in my opinion.

2. Also, I want to give you a brief introduction to my website. I've been looking forward to owing a personal website for a long time. And finally I have the chance to do it.

3. There's also some other things I want to tell you.

# About me

## Name

**My name is Bill Haku.** You may wondering why I'm called Bill Haku, so here I will give you a full explaination.

The first name `Bill` is a common English male name, but infact I got this name inspired from one of my idols when I was young, Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft. It is a great achievement for him to create Windows Operating System and make it a home-known name. Supported by one of my English Teacher in my primary school, I got this name until now.

The Last name `Haku` is an expression of my Chinese Family name in English. In fact, you can understand it if you can speak Japanese and know the Roman pronunciation in Japanese. My Chinese Family name shares the same character in Japanese, and it is pronaunced as *Haku* in Japanese, which is easier for most people to read and speak in the world.

> Traditionally, Chinese people call the family name before the first name. Hence, sometimes my public account is called `hakubill`, rather than Bill Haku, the form of habits in English. (eg.: the domain name of this website is `hakubill.tech`)

## Other Basic Infomations about me

### Gender: Male

Of course, I'm a male and I am 100% heterosexual.

### Nationality: China

I was born in Chengdu, Sichuan, China, and I am 100% Chinese and Han.

### School: UESTC

 [University of Electronic Science and Technology of China](http://www.uestc.edu.cn) (UESTC) ([English Official Site](https://en.uestc.edu.cn)) is a beautiful campus situated in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. I was majored in **Software Engineering** .

### Contact Infomation

- Email: [**i@hakubill.tech**](mailto:i@hakubill.tech)
- Phone: [**+86(028)84383978**](tel:+86(028)84383978)

You are recommended to get contact with me by Email.

Also, you are welcomed to contact me at any time if you have any questions.

### Work Language

- English: **Recommended**
- Simplified Chinese: **Native**
- Traditional Chinese: It is never too hard for a Chinese to understand both Simplified and Traditional Chinese.
- Japanese

## My Values

## My Skills & Work Experience

# About This Website

# License

Copyright ©️ 2022-present [Bill Haku](https://hakubill.tech).

Released under the [MIT](https://github.com/Bill-Haku/homepage/LICENSE.md) license.

Commit message:

add about me - values - first 3

content/post/About_me/index.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to my website!
subtitle: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so I have written all the things you may want to know to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Summary for listings and search engines
summary: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so I have written all the things you may want to know to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Link this post with a project
projects: []

# Date published
date: '2022-06-14T00:00:00Z'

# Date updated
lastmod: '2022-08-03T00:00:00Z'

# Is this an unpublished draft?
draft: false

# Show this page in the Featured widget?
featured: false

# Featured image
# Place an image named `featured.jpg/png` in this page's folder and customize its options here.
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/CpkOjOcXdUY)'
  focal_point: ''
  placement: 2
  preview_only: false

authors:
  - admin

tags:
  - Website
  - Opensource
  - Bill Haku

categories:
  - General
  - Myself
---

# Overview

1. Here I want to give you a full introduction to my self. It includes many details about me in my opinion.

2. Also, I want to give you a brief introduction to my website. I've been looking forward to owing a personal website for a long time. And finally I have the chance to do it.

3. There's also some other things I want to tell you.

# About me

## Name

**My name is Bill Haku.** You may wondering why I'm called Bill Haku, so here I will give you a full explaination.

The first name `Bill` is a common English male name, but infact I got this name inspired from one of my idols when I was young, Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft. It is a great achievement for him to create Windows Operating System and make it a home-known name. Supported by one of my English Teacher in my primary school, I got this name until now.

The Last name `Haku` is an expression of my Chinese Family name in English. In fact, you can understand it if you can speak Japanese and know the Roman pronunciation in Japanese. My Chinese Family name shares the same character in Japanese, and it is pronaunced as *Haku* in Japanese, which is easier for most people to read and speak in the world.

> Traditionally, Chinese people call the family name before the first name. Hence, sometimes my public account is called `hakubill`, rather than Bill Haku, the form of habits in English. (eg.: the domain name of this website is `hakubill.tech`)

## Other Basic Infomations about me

### Gender: Male

Of course, I'm a male and I am 100% heterosexual.

### Nationality: China

I was born in Chengdu, Sichuan, China, and I am 100% Chinese and Han.

### School: UESTC

 [University of Electronic Science and Technology of China](http://www.uestc.edu.cn) (UESTC) ([English Official Site](https://en.uestc.edu.cn)) is a beautiful campus situated in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. I was majored in **Software Engineering** .

### Contact Infomation

- Email: [**i@hakubill.tech**](mailto:i@hakubill.tech)
- Phone: [**+86(028)84383978**](tel:+86(028)84383978)

You are recommended to get contact with me by Email.

Also, you are welcomed to contact me at any time if you have any questions.

### Work Language

- English: **Recommended**
- Simplified Chinese: **Native**
- Traditional Chinese: It is never too hard for a Chinese to understand both Simplified and Traditional Chinese.
- Japanese

## My Values

- Something should be free.

  It is one's freedom to say, to write, to publish something although it may be contradicted to the values or principles of some people, including people who are influential.

- I love China and the CPC.

  I love my country, China and I am proud of it. ALso, I love Communism and the Communist Party of China. I support all the laws in People's Republic of China and support the leadership and reasonable instructions of the CPC.

- I support the open-source spirit.

  I support the open-source spirit. All the articles and the whole work is licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). Almost all of my works have been open-sourced on [Github](https://github.com) licensed under [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) or other licenses. In addition, I will give priority to open-source softwares in my daily life.

- I support the Internet spirit.

- I respect the rights and privacy of others.

- I oppose discrimination.

## My Skills & Work Experience

# About This Website

# License

Copyright ©️ 2022-present [Bill Haku](https://hakubill.tech).

Released under the [MIT](https://github.com/Bill-Haku/homepage/LICENSE.md) license.
