content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Bill Haku

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Software Engineer

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
    url: https://www.uestc.edu.cn/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: A software engineer who loves coding.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Linux Kernel
  - Multiplatform Application Development
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Computational Linguistics
  - Information Retrieval

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    # - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    #   institution: Stanford University
    #   year: 2012
    # - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    #   institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    #   year: 2009
    - course: BSc in Software Engineering
      institution: University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
      year: 2020

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/Haku_Bill
  # - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  #   icon_pack: fas
  #   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Bill-Haku
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: 'i@hakubill.tech'

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a software engineer who loves coding and all new software technologies. My interests include OS Kernel, Artificial Intelligence, iOS & macOS App development, Android App Development and Web page technologies.

My recent new work: **Genshin Pizza Helper**, a tool for [Genshin Impact](https://genshin.hoyoverse.com) players to check their resin and other infos in game in app or on Widget. iOS / iPadOS / macOS available. You can download in [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/%E5%8E%9F%E7%A5%9E%E6%8A%AB%E8%90%A8%E5%B0%8F%E5%8A%A9%E6%89%8B/id1635319193).

As a member of StarStudio, I am responsible for the development of the iOS and iPadOS Version of the UESTC's official BBS App.

As a member of Zhuai Yuwen, I posted some artcles on it and made the website for [ZhuaiYuwen](http://zhuaiyuwen.xyz).

<!-- {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}. -->

Commit message:

Update Zhuai Yuwen website and add blog link

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Bill Haku

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Software Engineer

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
    url: https://www.uestc.edu.cn/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: A software engineer who loves coding.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Linux Kernel
  - Multiplatform Application Development
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Computational Linguistics
  - Information Retrieval

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    # - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    #   institution: Stanford University
    #   year: 2012
    # - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    #   institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    #   year: 2009
    - course: BSc in Software Engineering
      institution: University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
      year: 2020

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/Haku_Bill
  # - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  #   icon_pack: fas
  #   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Bill-Haku
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: 'i@hakubill.tech'

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a software engineer who loves coding and all new software technologies. My interests include OS Kernel, Artificial Intelligence, iOS & macOS App development, Android App Development and Web page technologies.

My recent new work: **Genshin Pizza Helper**, a tool for [Genshin Impact](https://genshin.hoyoverse.com) players to check their resin and other infos in game in app or on Widget. iOS / iPadOS / macOS available. You can download in [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/%E5%8E%9F%E7%A5%9E%E6%8A%AB%E8%90%A8%E5%B0%8F%E5%8A%A9%E6%89%8B/id1635319193).

As a member of StarStudio, I am responsible for the development of the iOS and iPadOS Version of the UESTC's official BBS App.

As a member of Zhuai Yuwen, I posted some artcles on it and made the website for [ZhuaiYuwen](http://zhuaiyuwen.hakubill.tech).

You can see all my articles about everything as blogs on [iBlog of Bill Haku](http://blog.hakubill.tech). (Written in Chinese)

<!-- {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}. -->
